Stochastic beam search,
did we see that before?
>> Not in detail.
So far we've been doing something
like a breadth first search,
expanding each possible
path in each time step.
But now we want to prune
some of those paths.
>> Well some of those paths are going to
get a low probability pretty quickly.
For example, staying in
the first state of the model for
I until t equals 10 seems improbable.
We could just drop some of
those low probability paths.
>> Yup,
that's the idea of the beam search.
But we don't want to get rid of
all the low-probability paths.
It is possible that there is a bad match
in the beginning of the phrase that
becomes a good match later on.
For example,
the signer might hesitate or
accidentally start with the wrong
sign before changing it.
>> Like someone stuttering or having
a false start in a spoken language.
>> Precisely.
>> In that case,
let's keep the paths randomly in
proportion of their probability.
>> Here are some examples of high
probability paths through the trellis
marked in red.
And some low probability paths
through the trellis marked in blue.
>> In that case,
let's keep the paths randomly in
proportion with their probability.
>> Yep, the idea has some similarity
to the fitness function we
talk about with genetic algorithms.
Or to the randomness in
simulated knee length.
In practice, it works very well.
>> Randomness seems to be
useful in a lot of AI.
>> It's a principle I
practice in my daily life.
>> What?
>> Precisely.
>> Okay,
let's get back to the real topic.